[Music]
in the aftermath of Superman's death
intelligence officer Amanda Waller
assembled Task Force X a team of
dangerous criminals imprisoned at Belle
Reve prison consisting of elite hitmen
Deadshot former psychiatrist Harley
Quinn pyrokinetic ex-gangster El Diablo
opportunistic thief Captain Boomerang
genetic mutation Killer Croc and
specialized assassin Slipknot they are
placed under command of Colonel Rick
Flagg to be used as disposable assets in
high-risk missions to the United States
government each member has a nano bomb
implanted in their neck designed to
detonate should any member rebel or try
to escape one of Amanda Waller's
intended recruits his Rick slags
girlfriend dr. June moon an
archaeologist possessed by a witch
goddess known as The Enchantress and
Chandru's quickly turns on Waller
deciding to eradicate humankind with a
mystical weapon for imprisoning her
Sheba sieges Midway City by transforming
its populace into a horde of monsters
and summons her brother Incubus to his
sister Waller then deploys the squad to
extract a high profile mark from Midway
which is reported to be under a
terrorist attack Hartley's homicidal
lover the Joker finds out about her
predicament and tortures Belle Reve
security officer Griggs into leading him
to the facility where the nano bombs are
made there he blackmails dr. van Criss
into disabling Hartley's bomb on
approach the squad's helicopter had shot
down forcing them to proceed on foot to
their target boomerang inaccurately
convinces Slipknot that the bombs are a
ruse to keep them in check slipknot
attempts to escape and rick flagg killed
him via his nano bomb while the squad is
attacked by Enchantress's minions they
eventually fight their way through to a
safe room where they learned that their
mark is Walla herself who was attempting
to cover up her involvement in
Enchantress's siege the squad escorts
Amanda Waller to a rooftop for
extraction that the arriving helicopter
has been hijacked by the Joker and his
men who opened fire on the squad while
Harley climbs the board upon dr. van
Kris disarming the
however Wohlers men shoot down the
helicopter and hardly falls out while
the Joker is presumed dead after which
Harley rejoins the squad alerted to
Wohlers whereabouts and chanters his
minions arrive and kidnap her Deadshot
finds Wohlers confidential files and
learns the truth about enchantress Flagg
is then forced to confess the truth
causing the squad members to abandon him
with Amanda Waller compromised
Rick's flag relieves the squad of
submissions but chooses to continue
realizing they have an opportunity to
prove themselves they soon rejoin him
and locate enchantress at a partially
flooded subway station Killer Croc and a
group of Navy SEALs led by lieutenant GQ
Edwards still underwater to plant a bomb
underneath Incubus El Diablo embraces
his abilities and distracts Incubus long
enough for the bomb to detonate
underneath killing them both as well as
Edwards the remaining squad members
battle enchantress together but are
ultimately defeated enchantress offers
to fulfill their deepest desires in
exchange for their allegiance and Harley
feigned interest in order to get close
enough to cut out and change his heart
Killer Croc then throws explosives into
Enchantress's weapon and Deadshot shoots
them destroying the device Flagg takes
Enchantress's heart and crushes it
finally freeing Jun from the curse
Amanda Waller still alive emerges and
the squad members are returned to Belle
Reve with ten years off their sentences
all about Captain Boomerang are allowed
special privileges the Joker alive and
unscathed breaks into the penitentiary
and rescues Harley in a mid credit scene
Amanda Waller meets with Bruce Wayne who
agrees to protect her from the backlash
against her role and Enchantress's
rampage in exchange for access to the
government's filed on the expanding
metahuman community
you